docs: update docs for pre-relase (#112)
RobotecAI/rai: docs/create_robots_whoami.md

# robot_whoami

> Certain parts of RAI rely on robot's whoami package. Your robot's whoami package serves as a configuration package for the rai_whoami node which provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain parts of RAI rely on robot's whoami package. Your robot's whoami package serves as a configuration package for the rai_whoami node, which is responsible for the robot identity, self-understanding, ethical code, and documentation.
```
